Job description for product security engineer

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 1

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
Duties/responsibilities

Support and enable engineering teams when performing and maintaining threat models and provide mentorship and guidance to engineers
Use knowledge of common risks and vulnerabilities to guide engineering teams in building products
Use and maintain security tooling and processes, such as SAST/ DAST tools and vulnerability reporting
Promote and develop a security aware mind set among teams
Record and communicate vulnerability findings and keep records up to date
Automated DevSecOps security checkpoints
Collaborate with engineers through all phases of the SDLC

Minimum Qualifications/skills

3+ years of professional experience in product security, working with SaaS application & Cloud security. 
Must have bachelor's degree or Master’s degree with relevant security certifications
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Good understanding of software development concepts and technologies
Knowledge of programming languages such as JavaScript, Java, C#, and Python
Experience with security tools and technologies such as Web Application Firewall, SAST, and DAST
Experience in performing Penetration testing in identifying security vulnerabilities
Knowledge on OWASP Top 10/ SANS Top 25 vulnerabilities
Experience communicating security threats and application vulnerabilities to technical and non-technical team members

Preferred Qualifications/skills

 Any Security Certifications like CEH, OSCP will be a plus.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 2

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
Role

The Cloud Access team is looking for a Principal Product Security Engineer to join us. As a member of the team, you will collaborate with other engineering, security and operations teams to execute on strategic plans and develop tactical execution methodologies which improve the “protect, detect, and respond” capabilities of Splunk Cloud. This person will lead the Prod IAM Hyderabad team to work independently to deliver projects for Product IAM.

The ideal candidate has a strong passion to help enable RBAC and IAM based Cloud Security to protect our organization, customers, and assets. You will work with Cloud operations teams, compliance teams, Splunk Global Security, and incident responders as well as identity and security solution providers, to help improve the team's access control and security posture and achieve success.

In this role, you will

Collaborate with partner teams to improve security of Prod IAM infrastructure, tooling and automations.
Build tools and automation for orchestrating access provisioning, address Privileged Access Management and enable Just In Time Access for privileged accounts.
Extend existing IAM and RBAC based services and platforms to enhance partner capabilities, automating to reduce overhead while increasing the number of groups supported and the overall complexity of the systems.
Identify use cases that can be built with existing tools and services to enhance access to internal cloud systems.
This role also includes supporting the definition of requirements that enable innovative integrations and solutions.
Collaborate on the evaluation and test solutions with the intent of improving Splunk’s overall access control features and flexibility.
Collaborate with Service owners to implement Service Level Metrics & Service Level Objectives that act as service health indicators with the goal of improving security posture.

As a member of Splunk’s Identity and Access Management team, the Principal Security Engineer will be responsible for implementing and managing identity services and platforms, mainly Okta and Directory Services. You must have a proven track record in delivering identity solutions that are functional, secure, scalable, and reliable. Your work will not only dramatically improve Splunk’s security posture, but also improve workforce productivity. This role will work with the Identity and Access Management Manager, Senior Manager and Senior Director of Security Services within Splunk Global Security.

Responsibilities

Manage and lead the design, engineering, and deployment of Directory Services (i.e. Active Directory) and Okta
Participate in or lead troubleshooting and incident resolution of complex high severity incidents
Analyze the current environment to identify technical and operational opportunities and develop continuous improvement action plans
Participate in disaster recovery, capacity planning, performance monitoring, and maintenance to ensure high availability
Understand and adhere to standard operational processes to ensure audibility and compliance with industry standards (SOX, GDPR, UKCE etc.)
Build relationships with the other teams in the Splunk Global Security organization, but also across the company
Mentor and train others in the use and functionality of the IAM services
Practical knowledge of AWS, GCP, Azure, IBM Cloud, Okta, Okta IGA, Okta Verify, Sailpoint, Terraform, Device Context, FIDO2, Git, Gitlab, Kubernetes, Puppet, Linux.

Requirements

10+ year of experience in IAM with 5+ years of experience in implementing, integrating, and supporting end-to-end Directory Services and Okta solutions
Hands-on production experiences with Active Directory, Azure Active Directory and Okta
Experience in various authentication standards such as SAML, OAuth, SCIM, OpenID Connect and FIDO2
Experience in security and implementation standards such as the least privilege, privileged access management and passwordless authentication
Good understanding of the overall infrastructure including data centers, networking, load balancers, and how all the components interact
Familiarity with PKI, Public Certificate Authorities, OpenSSL, Hashicorp Stack (e.g. Vault)
Coding experience in one or more of Go, Java, Python, Powershell, and Bash.
Experience automating infrastructure with scripting (Go, Python, Bash) and tooling (Puppet, Terraform, Ansible, Chef, etc).
Experienced with the setup/configuration/operation of CI/CD pipelines and source code control using GitLab
Demonstrated ability to accurately assess problems and requests from multiple perspectives, analyze approach feasibility, and decide on the efficient course of action.
8 or more years of experience in one or more of these critical areas Access Controls, Information Security Technology, Engineering, CI/CD, Operations.
Strong ability to communicate data, facts, and analysis of the technical subject matter.
You will support collaboration when working on engineering’s goals and objectives.

Education and Certifications

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field required or equivalent work experience
CISSP, CISM, or equivalent certification preferred

Plus

Not required, and would be nice to have

Exposure to CIS, DISA, DTPR, PCI, HIPAA and FedRAMP regulation.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 3

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
Position Responsibilities: 

The Product Security Engineer is responsible for providing leadership in the development of secured products used in the medical field. Specific tasks include:

 Execute product security-related activities throughout the lifecycle of ET solutions. This includes but not limited to:
 security requirements definition, flow down and verification, security design architecture at system and implementation through products,
 risk management activities to identify areas where a development project must implement specific security controls and recommendations for system-wide security enhancements, risk assessment and mitigation plans for market –released products.
 Assist in the development of security-related abuse cases to identify security risks.
 Identify options for mitigating security-related risks, and assist the Systems Engineering team in evaluating these options.
 Support security activities in communications with regulatory bodies.
 Contribute to Medtronic’s understanding of current industry best practices and how they can be applied to ET Products.
 Applies advanced technical principles, theories and concepts. Support across the NS ET organization the development of processes, best practices leading to improve NS - ET position as it relates to Information and Product security.
 Works under consultative direction toward long range goals and objectives.
 Develops advanced technical ideas and guides their development into final product.
 Lead / Coordinate / Execute/ Assist activities to sustain/ develop organic or inorganic security testing capabilities in alignment with Medtronic testing strategies.
 Maintains a high level of technical knowledge on security.
 Automating the running of the vulnerability scans, the report creation,
 Creating, managing/maintaining a database of vulnerabilities by product line mapping to CVE
 Performs duties in compliance with environmental, health and safety related site rules, policies or governmental regulations.
 Champion consistent implementation of the Quality System across projects.


Must have skills and experience:

Application software development experience
Software test experience
Strong expertise in scripting languages such as Python or Unix Shell, JSON
Strong expertise in using Excel and generating reports.
Cybersecurity Certification like CEH


Education Required: 

B.E./B.Tech in Computer Science or similar Engineering discipline.


Years Of Experience

5-7 years of software development experience with B.E./B.Tech.
5 years of software development experience with M.E./M.Tech.


 Preferred Skills and Qualifications: 

Knowledge of programming preferably in C++
Experience with Product Security / information security
Experience with Risk Management and Systems Engineering processes.
Experience analyzing and documenting requirements
Experience in developing threat model for products
Strong understanding of product and system security aspects
Hands on experience on pentest and using security assessment tools at code, system and network-level
Knowledge on secure authentication, authentication and encryption mechanisms to implement in design and code
Knowledge of assessment and vulnerability ranking tools such as NIST and CVSS Knowledge of cybersecurity and data privacy is preferred, but not mandatory
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Ability to work in a team environment
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 4

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
Experience working with Vulnerability Analysis and Penetration testing of Web Application, Web Services, Thick Client Applications preferably for ICS domain.

 Strong hands on experience in Vulnerability Research and Reverse Engineering.
 Experience with static and dynamic security analysis tools.
 Strong analytical skills and decision-making capabilities.
 Proven verbal and written communications skills along with great learning agility.
 Understanding of crypto standards and Cloud Architecture.
 Strong hands on experience in secure C/C++ / JAVA / .NET code Review.
 Hands on experience of scripting language (Perl, Python, Shell etc.) to develop payloads.
 Understanding IEC62443 standard.

Preferred Qualifications that Set You Apart:

 Bachelors or Master's degree in computer science or related field.
 8 – 12 years’ experience in Cybersecurity related field.
 Cybersecurity certifications like OSCP will have added advantage.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 5

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
Position Responsibilities

 Perform Application Security testing on all Deltek products. 
 Collaborate with development and engineering to ensure security throughout the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC). 
 Review and update Threat Models. 
 Use various application security tools and be able to interpret the results, including SAST, SCA, MAST, and DAST. 
 Ensure security processes are applied, maintained, and improved throughout the SDLC. 
 Proactively analyze results from our security tools to provide meaningful results to our different product teams and engineers. 
 Identify false positives or misconfigurations that can improve tool outputs. 
 Lead remediation and continuous improvement across the application security posture with effective countermeasures and targeted mitigations. 
 Develop clear risk insight from analysis of application security findings. 
 Manage and monitor security throughout product lifecycle from development to operations with a DevSecOps mindset. 
 Ability to perform work after normal business hours. 
 Keep up to date with application security trends. 


Qualifications

Desired Education & Experience:

 Bachelor’s Degree in related field (Computer Science, Cybersecurity, etc.) or equivalent experience. 
 Security certification – CompTIA, CSSLP, GIAC, ISC2, etc. 
 5+ years’ experience in application security and/or application development with a focus on security (i.e., security champions). 


Technical Knowledge and Skill: 

 Strong knowledge of security and best practices. 
 Experience with Secure SDLC tools including SAST, SCA, and DAST. 
 Experience with security for SaaS/Cloud-delivered products. 
 Skill with one or more programming or scripting languages (e.g., Java, VB, C#, C++, Ruby, bash, PHP, Python, PowerShell, etc). 
 Software development background (Web or Mobile). 
 Experience with security automation. 
 Experience with vulnerability management processes. 
 Credibility and high professionalism. 
 Strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills. 
 Strong verbal, written and presentation skills; collaborative, innovative and curious. 
 Attention to detail and follow through on tasks. 
 Position will work closely with Deltek staff in the Philippines, US, and EU. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 6

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
Responsibilities And Duties

Drive key internal security programs across our portfolio of products.
Consult on security best practices across our Engineering, Cloud, SRE, DevOps and Product management groups to achieve end to end security for our products.
Lead creation of product threat models and risk assessments.
Aid with the automating of security testing to ensure common compliance with internal standards.
Review and advise on security tooling usage and configuration across the product lifecycle.
Conduct trend analysis on results from security tools such as SCA, SAST, DAST, CSPM and Container Runtime Security tools, to provide unified solutions and guidance.
Research and review the latest security tools and techniques to deliver security and business value.
Assist our penetration testing team with reconnaissance and guidance towards potential application weaknesses to focus testing efforts.
Develop internal security standards and policies.
Develop and promote internal security training.
Maintain awareness of the latest security trends and zero-day findings.

Requirements And Qualifications

4/6 years minimum of Security Experience Required.
Proven leadership skills that demonstrate your ability to deliver results across an organization.
Proven experience of working across a wide range of application security programs and tools including SCA, SAST, DAST and beyond.
Experience of security testing web and non-web applications.
Proven understanding of application architectures, designs, and the tech stacks involved.
Cloud based security knowledge and the related attack vectors (AWS preferred, Azure / GCP of value).
Kubernetes related security and attack vectors (or other container-based deployments) useful.
Experience of DevSecOps and the common vulnerabilities / weaknesses within the software delivery pipeline.
Experience with scripting and automation (Python, Bash, PowerShell, workflow engines or other automation systems)
Awareness of OWASP, SANS and MITRE ATT&CK frameworks.
Demonstrated ability to mentor others.
Demonstrated excellence in English communication skills in a stakeholder facing environment.
Experience working within an agile scrum team desirable.
Must be self-directed, resilient, and creative.
Knowledge of FedRAMP requirements and processes advantageous.
Software Engineering background useful.
CISSP, CSSLP and other similar certifications beneficial.
Full agile scrum working experience a benefit.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 7

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
For This Role, You Will Need:

Experience in Vulnerability Analysis and Penetration testing of Web / Thick client / Mobile applications.
Hands on experience with different security pen test tools like Burp Suite, Kali Linux, DAST like App Scanner or similar other tools widely used for Penetration Test.
Understanding of crypto standards, authentication and authorization systems. 
Understanding of security protocols (HTTPS, HSTS, TLS, SSH). 
Good analytical skills and decision-making capabilities. 
Proven verbal and written communications.
Knowledge of scripting language (TCL, Perl, Python, Shell etc.) for exploit development. 
Familiar with OWASP Top10 and IEC62443 standard.
Possess collaboration skills and experience of working with internal/external partners.

Preferred Qualifications that Set You Apart:

B. Tech- Computer Engineering / MCA with 2-4year relevant experience.
Cybersecurity Certification will have added advantage.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 8

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
ay-to-day

Provide security recommendation and guidance to engineers working on a wide-array of products in different programming languages (Java, Golang, Javascript, Ruby, etc.).
Play an integral part in building secure by design products by assisting teams throughout the software development lifecycle.
Perform threat modeling sessions with teams using the STRIDE model
Conduct security reviews (internal penetration testing)
Conduct design and code reviews throughout the software development lifecycle
Review infrastructure decisions and ensure they follow security best practices (Rate limiting, IAM, Network boundaries, etc.)
Provide leadership with regular updates on risks and vulnerabilities across our products and services.
Perform internal penetration testing and participate in internal red team exercises.
Vulnerability Management: Identify, triage, and manage security vulnerabilities identified in our products. Guide engineering teams on recommended mitigations.
Build, manage and improve security tooling and automation.
Most Importantly: Be a Champion of Security at Narvar.

What We’re Looking For

Have 5+ years of combined software development and security experience.
Have strong understanding of application and infrastructure security, including hands-on exploitation skills.
Have a strong understanding of container deployment, specifically Kubernetes architecture and can read and write Infrastructure code (Terraform and Helm).
Have familiarity with secure development practices and security testing techniques such as but not limited to: Principle of least privilege, Identity and Access Management, Isolation and Segmentation etc.
Have the ability to explain complex security issues and their impact to diverse audiences.
Have deployed and managed security tools and features (Threat Detection and Analysis, DLP, API Security, SAST, DAST, etc.)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 9

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
Key Responsibilities:

Security architect & advisor for product development
Vulnerability assessments, threat modeling & penetration testing
Drive secure coding & secure SDLC implementation
Communicate security risks & solutions effectively across all levels
Strong foundation in core information security principles and concepts (encryption, authentication, etc. Effective communication skills, with the ability to explain sophisticated security topics in simple terms to technical and non-technical stakeholder


We need a rockstar with:

8+ years of experience securing enterprise applications
Deep understanding of application security best practices
Excellent communication & collaboration skills


Bonus points for:

Experience with security automation tools (SAST, DAST, SCA)
Knowledge of common programming languages (.NET, Python, etc.)
Experience in web application security issues and standards (ex. OWASP Top 10, SANS Top 25, etc.)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 10

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
Primary Responsibilities:

 Experience conducting vulnerability assessment of web application, APIs and mobile (Android & iOS) applications using manual and automated methods. 
 Experience working on code analysis (SAST, DAST, IAST, etc.,) along with the ability to demonstrate a POC of the identified vulnerability/exploit. 
 Security configuration reviews for various Vivriti’s products. 
 Experience working on Source Code Reviews. 
 Experience analysing authentication and authorization: SAML, OAuth, LDAP, AD, etc., 
 Having a good knowledge of OWASP Top 10, SANS Secure programming, Security Engineering 
 principles, Application Vulnerabilities & DevOps. 
 Knowledge of underlying infrastructure security controls for applications. 
 Prior experience in programming languages (e.g.,J Ruby, Java, Swift, JavaScript) and 
 development tools (e.g., Jenkins) 
 Develop, educate and train developers on secure development guidelines. 
 Ability to work in a self-directed environment that is highly collaborative and cross functional 
 Work closely with Dev, QA, Infra teams to analyse, diagnose and resolve security flaws. 
 Understanding AWS infrastructure and security. 
 Ability to provide guidance and drive security for new development. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 11

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
Why it’s a big deal… 

A Principal Product Security Engineer uses technical guidance and engineering best practices to securely build and scale cloud-native applications and configure network security defenses within the cloud environment. You are responsible for the smooth operation of secure cloud infrastructure, platforms, and software using cloud technology to provide data protection, container security, networking, system administration, and zero-trust architecture. All of this is vital to our operation as our customers need to have a secure and reliable method to access their data

Are you the person we’re looking for?

Related experience. You should have a minimum of 10-14 years of experience and you will monitor, triage, and resolve security alerts promptly and ensure that every alert is investigated and resolved quickly. Adopt, implement, and enforce Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM) standards and best practices. You will develop, continuously improve, and ensure compliance with controls built for the cloud-native platform.

Vulnerability and Security threat analysis. You’ll participate in security audits, and pen testing, collect evidence and remediate vulnerability findings as per security SLAs (Service Level Agreements). Implement and maintain security controls and compliance policies to secure and protect workloads running in public clouds. Security threat analysis, hunting, detection, and response are the key responsibilities.

Threat Intelligence and Security Monitoring. You should be able to demonstrate creativity and out-of-the-box thinking to continuously improve the organization's threat intelligence, security monitoring, detection, and response capabilities. Assist with image/ instance hardening and reduce the attack surface of various images and endpoints.

CSPM and Risk Management. You’ll implement security and compliance tools and technologies to improve security posture management, public cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, and/or IBM or GCP) management, Risk management, and compliance to meet requirements.

Education. A bachelor’s degree in Engineering or equivalent.

Here’s What Will Give You An Edge…

Tools and certifications. Certification in orchestrating infrastructure like Terraform and Public cloud platforms like AWS/Azure/IBM/GCP.

Confident and deliberate communicator. You have a point of view and you’re completely comfortable defending it to any person or group, regardless of level or status. It’s the confidence that comes from experience. And that’s not to say you aren’t open to different views; but, when you feel strongly about a particular matter, you don’t give up easily. You’re at ease with lively debate, in fact, you welcome it. Your points are clear and concise. And you’re equally as respected for your knowledge and expertise as for your style and approach. 

Willingness to work rotational shifts. Let’s face it - our customers are in various time zones, so we need to support them. Our analysts can - if needed - be scheduled on rotational shifts and take turns carrying papers.

Willingness and flexibility to work and support 24x7x365 Production Operations. (rotational shifts)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 12

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
What You'll Do

Build security tooling and automations to help scale the Product Security team’s practices 
Threat-model application designs and solutions and provide security assessments. 
Audit source code and perform code review for critical application changes
Mentor software engineering teams in security best practices
Provide hands-on remediation guidance to development teams
Review & establish software development practices that make security an essential part of the development process
Develop / Integrate security into the Software Development Life Cycle

Qualifications

8+ years of experience in an product security role
Experience leading architectural changes or complex cross team efforts to mitigate security vulnerabilities
Deep understanding of securing web applications
Fluency in Python, React, and Django Rest Framework
Experience with manual source code review, and embedding security to code in production environments. 
Experience with deploying application security tools in the CI/CD pipeline
Experience with securing software development lifecycle including building programs that eliminate full classes of vulnerabilities

Bonus Points

Good understanding of SSO, including OAUTH, SAML
Experience with speaking at meetups or conferences
Experience running a bug bounty program
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 13

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
Responsibilities:

Conduct security reviews and threat modeling for our products to identify potential vulnerabilities.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams including developers, QA engineers, and product managers to integrate security best practices into the development process.
Implement and maintain security controls, tools, and processes to protect our products against security threats.
Perform security assessments, code reviews, and penetration testing to identify and address security issues.
Stay updated on the latest security threats, vulnerabilities, and best practices to proactively mitigate risks.
Participate in incident response and security incident management activities as needed.
Provide security guidance and support to teams across the organization.


Requirements:

Bachelor's degree in computer science, Information Security, or related field.
3-6 years of experience in product security, application security, or related field.
Strong understanding of web application security principles, secure coding practices, and common security vulnerabilities (e.g., OWASP Top 10).
Experience with security assessment tools, techniques, and frameworks (e.g., Burp Suite, OWASP ZAP, Nmap).
Proficiency in programming languages such as Java, Python, or JavaScript.
Familiarity with cloud security principles and best practices (e.g., AWS, Azure).
Excellent communication skills and the ability to effectively collaborate with cross-functional teams.
Relevant security certifications (e.g., CISSP, CEH) are a plus.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 14

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
Must-have Qualifications

Minimum 2-3 years of Application Security Experience
At least two years of experience with CSIRT, CIRT, or PSIRT functions
Exceptional written communication skills
Hands on experience with product security vulnerability exploitation, mitigation, and remediation
Working experience with common security tools (e.g., Burp) or security scanners (e.g., Semgrep, Trivy)

Nice-to-have Qualifications

Prior experience as a PSIRT engineer
Customer support experience
Scripting (e.g., Python, Perl, Ruby, Bash) or development (e.g., C++, Python, JavaScript) experience
AWS or GCP Cloud Experience
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 15

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
Responsibilities of the Candidate:

Manage all facets of Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration testing involving Web, APIs, and Mobile Applications. Knowledge of Embedded and IoT device testing will be an added advantage
Perform attacks and identify vulnerabilities in Web technology.
Perform manual and automated security code reviews for complex Desktop, Web, and Mobile applications to identify security flaws.
Leverage DevSecOps to embed security testing into all phases of SDLC.
Provide support/inputs in issue remediation.
Prepare Test Plans and Test Reports to support test activities.
Requirements:

Bachelor’s in Software/Electronics Engineering or equivalent degree
2-5 years of hands-on experience in vulnerability and Penetration Testing using tools like Kali, Nessus, Burpsuite, Qualys, etc
Experience in automation of routine tasks using tools like Jenkins and/or scripting languages such as PowerShell, Ruby, or Python
Understanding of Cloud-based environments like Azure and AWS
At least one professional certification like ECSA Practical/CPENT/LPT/OSCP/OSWE/OSCE or similar involving practical exams (not mandatory)
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 16

Source - Indeed

Job Description:
The Residential HVAC team is adding a Senior Product Security Engineering position to focus on embedded systems, services, applications and the associated product development processes used in residential HVAC controls and telematics devices. In this position, you will work closely with other software, hardware and systems engineers to ensure best practices and technologies are incorporated into our products.
Thrive at work and at home:

Benefits kick in on DAY ONE for you and your family, including health insurance and holistic wellness programs that include generous incentives – WE DARE TO CARE!
Family building benefits include fertility coverage and adoption/surrogacy assistance.
401K match up to 6%, plus an additional 2% core contribution = up to 8% company contribution.
Paid time off, including in support of volunteer and parental leave needs.
Educational and training opportunities through company programs along with tuition assistance and student debt support.
Learn more about our benefits here!'


Responsibilities:
Ensure appropriate secure product development activities are performed, i.e. architectural analysis, threat modeling, penetration testing, SAST/DAST/fuzz testing, etc.
Manage external vendors providing cybersecurity services.
Help define system and product requirements to minimize potential security risks
Lead and participate in incident response activities.
Lead tabletop exercises and Security Champions program.
Stay up to date on emerging security threats, trends and regulations to provide recommendations for improving the security of the company’s products.

Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, software, computer or electrical engineering or related technical discipline required
Ability to work with a geographically distributed team with up to 25% travel
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Minimum 5 years experience in microprocessor-based software design for embedded systems with cloud connectivity
Minimum 3 years experience working in a product security capacity
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 17

Source - Indeed

Job Description:
Technical Responsibilities:

Collaborate with product teams to assess security risks and drive design decisions for new and evolving products and related systems.
Guide product development teams in completing threat models as input into security risk analysis processes.
Assemble Security requirements applicable to the new or evolving product under consideration.
Support the Security Assurance team working with product teams to guide the generation of software bills of material for a variety of medical device technologies.
Support product security incident response (PSIRT) teams, when needed, so they can effectively address (contain or remediate) and then document security incidents.
Draft internal and external communications summarizing details concerning security concepts used in requirements, design, and build phases related to medical products and related systems.
Provide product security guidance and leadership to internal taskforce teams.
Develop and deliver presentations and communications to clearly convey complex technical topics up to next level leaders.
Recommend efficiency and process improvements.
Knowledge and Capabilities:

Thorough understanding of the current revisions of FDA, NIST, ISO, IEC and other related security frameworks.
Proven experience building successful working relationships with internal and external personnel in various departments.
Expertise in applying security control frameworks, threat modeling, and scoring the severity of security threats and vulnerabilities.
Experience analyzing and selecting embedded hardware that enabled security controls to be established, along with designing secure products, as part of a broad eco-system (embedded devices + clouds + mobile devices) in the IoT ecosystems that healthcare providers need and expect to support safety.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 18

Source - Indeed

Job Description:
Responsibilities may include the following and other duties may be assigned.

Detects and mitigates security risks, responds to product security incidents, and works with customers regarding product security related issues.
Maintains awareness of emerging cybersecurity vulnerabilities and analyzes impact to fielded products.
Leverages industry tools to conduct post market surveillance activities and collaborate with cross-functional product teams to resolve post-market security issues.
Identifies potential attack areas and systemic security issues related to threats and vulnerabilities, including recommendations for enhancements or remediation.
Prepares and delivers written and verbal briefings to message threat modeling findings across medical software and systems.
Conducts threat or risk demonstrations via live demo or written narrative.
Champions new process or technology that delivers significant advances.
Recognizes architectural problem areas and determines ways to effectively resolve them.
May participate in external standards committees for medical device product security.
Performs security assessments of company products that may include vulnerability and risk assessments, threat analysis, and security code reviews to identify potential design and implementation vulnerabilities.
Designs and develops security features for products including systems, applications and/or solutions.
Integrates new security features and updates into existing products and ensures the security of all products is maintained throughout the product lifecycle.
Provides product security engineering recommendations and resolves integration and testing issues.
Builds a standardized set of security product requirements and produces metrics to report performance against those requirements.
Reviews and defines security diagnostics and tools to facilitate the analysis and reporting of security events.
Leads or participates in security architecture and design review meetings.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 19

Source - LinkedIn

Job Description:
Who We Want:

Customer-oriented achievers – Individuals with an unparalleled work ethic and customer focused attitude who bring value to their partnerships.
Self-directed innovators - People who take ownership of their work and need no prompting to drive productivity, change, and outcomes.
Detail-oriented process improvers - Critical thinkers who naturally see opportunities to develop and optimize work processes – finding ways to simplify, standardize and automate.
Collaborative partners - People who build and leverage cross-functional relationships to bring together ideas, information, use cases, and industry analyses to develop best practices.
What You Will Do:

Product Security is driven to make healthcare better by ensuring that Stryker designs, develops, and maintains industry leading cyber secure products for our customers. As a Senior Staff Product Security Engineer, you will be responsible for ensuring the safety, integrity, and resilience of SaaS products developed by the Acute Care business unit at Stryker Medical. You will work with cross-functional stakeholders to identify, evaluate, and mitigate security risks across products. The ideal candidate is excited to advocate for the protection our customers and their patients through creation and implementation of efficient meaningful security processes.

Key Responsibilities:

Apply common risk assessment frameworks (e.g., NIST 800-53, ISO 27001) to assess security risks in relation to business objectives and risk tolerance.
Operate third party compliance programs (e.g., SOC2, HITRUST) through audits, gap assessments, and continuous monitoring.
Guide product teams in interpreting and mapping security requirements to control implementation.
Develop, update, and manage product security policies, procedures, and trainings based on industry security standards.
Identify security policy compliance issues and coordinate remediation with leadership and cross-functional stakeholders.
Monitor, analyze, and report product security metrics to provide visibility and accountability for the effectiveness of security tools and processes.
Assist sales teams in responding to customer queries about product security and organizational controls.
Maintain and operate vulnerability scanning and security monitoring solutions.
Investigate and coordinate response to security incidents and vulnerability reports including analysis of exploitability, remediation planning, and disclosure strategy.
Maintain vendor relationships for third-party security tools and services.
What You Will Need:

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Cybersecurity, Information Technology, Computer Science, or related discipline
Minimum 6 years of related experience
Demonstrated competence with compliance, security, and privacy standards and frameworks (e.g., NIST 800-53, HIPAA, HITECH, GDPR, EU MDCG, SOC2, HITRUST)
Experience leading product security projects.
Solid understanding of security for SaaS applications and cloud-based services (e.g., AWS)
Strong ability to communicate cybersecurity information to engineering, sales, customers, and other non-subject matter experts.
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience conducting HIPAA security assessments.
Experience working in medical device, health care, or other regulated industry.
Professional cybersecurity certifications such as CISSP, CSSLP, CCSP, Security+, HCISSP, CISA, SSCP, and GSEC.
Familiarity with VA or DHA risk management processes (FedRAMP, RMF, ATO).
Understanding of encryption, authentication, authorization, and identity management technologies (e.g., LDAP, OAuth, PKI, FIPS 140-2).
Proficiency with available cybersecurity tools and their usage (e.g., Orca, Tenable, Qualys, CrowdStrike, Veracode, JamF, Okta etc.)
Familiarity with additional secure product lifecycle frameworks such as IEC 81001 5-1, IEC 62443 4-1
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 20

Source - Indeed

Job Description:
Full job description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.

Boeing is seeking an innovative and experienced Product Security Engineer - Avionics Development to join our growing team as part of an integrated Product Security Organization, located in Berkeley, MO, Hazelwood, MO, & Saint Charles, MO.

The successful candidate will be responsible for the development, implementation, and sustainment of product cyber security and resiliency engineering for avionics through requirements, design, analysis, build, test, production, operations, support and sustainment.

You will be a part of Boeing's Product Security Engineering (PSE) Organization, which is a growing multi-disciplinary cybersecurity engineering organization that is responsible for the cyber security and resiliency of our products, platforms, and services. You will have the opportunity to shape and influence Product Security Engineering within Boeing and engage with Boeing’s Product Security community. Furthermore, your effort will directly inform our Enterprise Product Security Engineering team with lessons learned and technologies, that directly enhances our commercial and defense offerings.

Successful Candidate Exhibits and Demonstrate:

Solution oriented individual with a strong analytical mindset

Strong communication skills and ability to tailor communication style to suit the audience

Ability to adapt quickly or propose needed changes to achieve early results

Demonstrated performance embracing challenges, keeping commitments, and delivering results within reasonable expectations

Experience leading and working with a dynamic team across engineering and non-engineering disciplines

Ability to work autonomously

Position Responsibilities:

Lead the development, implementation, and sustainment of product security for Boeing avionics systems, throughout the requirements, design, analysis, build, test, production, operations, support and sustainment lifecycle

Coordinate with platforms and system-of-systems product security counterparts for requirements, activities, artifacts, and solutions

Coordinate with other engineering stakeholders – systems, software, and hardware – advising on the results of security analysis – to develop secure architectures and designs

Lead, establish, and integrate standards and processes for product security engineering for avionics development, and to meet applicable program and certification requirements

Utilize the Risk Engineering digital thread to inform product requirements surrounding cyber survivability against specified cyber threats – by performing criticality, adversity, threat analysis for avionics systems

Assessing internal customer requirements to derive strategies and detailed security requirements system and technical requirements

Executing PSE activities – security requirements, architectures, risk assessments

Documenting PSE activities and delivering PSE artifacts

Lead risk reduction and technology maturation activities – where appropriate – resulting in innovative solutions in product and services offering

Identifying and elevating product security risks to the integrated product team(s) and management

This position is hybrid. This means that the selected candidate will be required to perform some work onsite at one of the listed location options. This is at the hiring team’s discretion and could potentially change in the future.


This position requires an active U.S. Secret Security Clearance (U.S. Citizenship Required). (A U.S. Security Clearance that has been active in the past 24 months is considered active)


Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience):

Bachelor of Science degree from an accredited course of study in engineering, engineering technology (includes manufacturing engineering technology), chemistry, physics, mathematics, data science, or computer science

3+ years of experience with developing, delivering, and supporting products and systems as an engineer

Experience in product security, cybersecurity research, or a related field

Experience performing penetration testing or building product security test environments and custom cyber test tools

Ability to engage with business and functional stakeholders to discuss and present technical and project related information

Experience with the development of cybersecurity requirements and the secure architectures

Good verbal and written communication skills, with ability to work with both technical and non-technical stakeholders

Experience with test planning and execution including; Cyber Test and Evaluation activities such as penetration testing, threat, adversity and risk analysis, and exploitation tool development, tailoring, and use and general cybersecurity engineering

Experience with defense security standards (DoDI 8510.01, ICD-503, CNSSI-1253, NIST 800-53) to perform risk analysis and provide strategic direction for system architectures, operations and delivered products


Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience):

5 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience

Experience with military avionics and military platform operations

Experience in development of avionics computer systems and embedded development

Experience in product cyber security for avionics systems and component level development
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 21

Source - Indeed

Job Description:
Full job description
Qualifications and Skills: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, a related field or equivalent demonstrated experience and knowledge Minimum 8+ years of experience in software development or related fields. Minimum 5 years technical experience working with product security design/development for embedded systems 3 years working with each of the following: Experience with C/C++, Python, Linux and/or security design within real-time operating systems. Experience analyzing, interpreting, and mitigating security findings from multiple sources including SAST, DAST, SCA and penetration tests. Embedded data at rest security implementations including Code Signing, Secure boot, and flash encryption implementations. Embedded/IoT wired and wireless secure networking implementations within multiple layers of the OSI stack IoT/Embedded PKI solutions and implementation. What you will bring: Experienced security developer able to interpret and guide software development teams on secure coding practices and application security test report interpretation for various coding languages and operating environments Strong knowledge of secure software development lifecycle and practices including SAFe/ Agile methodologies for software development Understanding of security by design principles and architecture level security concepts Sound understanding and experience in implementing security technologies/techniques such as, Cryptographic Algorithms/Cipher Suites, Public key Infrastructure (PKI), Hardware/embedded authentication protocols, Secure Boot, and data-at-rest encryption methods Experience implementing OWASP Top10 application security guidelines in embedded systems Knowledge of embedded system architecture and security controls (e.g., firewall and border router configurations, wireless communication architectures, messaging authentication protocols Experienced in generating, defining, and reviewing penetration test results through knowledge standard methodologies and tools including environmental configuration definition, security analysis, threat modeling, and system security audits Knowledge of current and emerging security threats and techniques for exploiting security vulnerabilities Exposure to international privacy requirements & cross-industry trends
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 22

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Job description
General Summary:
The Principal Product Security Engineer is responsible for designing and implementing security best practices at each stage of the system development lifecycle, from design through production.

This role works in partnership with cross-functional teams to act as a security subject matter expert, while supporting and advancing the security of ConnectWise applications.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities:

Establishes operational plans for the Product Security team
Develops and implements new products, processes, standards, and/or operational plans that will have an;impact on the achievement of functional results
Provides support to the Product Security team(s), with a high attention to detail
May require communication with ConnectWise leadership
Conducts security assessments, threat modeling, and vulnerability reporting and develops security;architecture patterns for implementing new solutions and products
Performs application security reviews for our products and services to identify and/or validate;vulnerabilities and attack chains
Communicates findings, attack paths, and recommendations to technical and executive stakeholders;through written reports and verbal presentations
Develops and maintains methodologies for penetration testing
Participates in decision-making, prioritization, and support throughout the secure software development;life cycle (s-SDLC) on a variety of security domains
Participates in requirements gathering, secure coding and configuration, software testing, and third-party;component management and defect management
Serves as a primary point of contact on secure development and security best practices
Consults cross-functionally to embed security gates into their existing SDLC, leveraging automation when;possible
Drives the development of standards, practices, and processes to establish, manage, and report;adherence to application security requirements and best practices
Attends regular stand-ups and planning meetings to build positive relationships with key stakeholders
Serves as the security authority on assigned products, ensuring the security controls are functioning,;security requirements are provided before coding begins, and that vulnerabilities are fixed within their;SLAs
Ensures s-SDLC controls are embedded in assigned product and serves as control owner for a subset of;these controls
Engages in application and domain-specific threat modeling, as well as attack surface analysis and;reduction
Knowledge, Skills and/or Abilities Required:

Ability to manage large projects and processes independently with limited supervision
Recognized expert in applicable work area
Ability to situationally adapt and understand new technology/processes as per business requirement
Strong ability to identify application vulnerabilities and advise on appropriate remediation
Solid understanding of common languages such as .NET, Python, JavaScript, Go, etc.
Strong foundation in core information security principles and concepts (encryption, authentication, etc.)
Effective communication skills, with the ability to explain sophisticated security topics in simple terms to;technical and non-technical stakeholder
Strong ability to effectively prioritize competing deliverables in an accurate and timely manner
Educational/Vocational/ Previous Experience Recommendations:

Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent business experience
8+ years of relevant experience
Experience securing enterprise-grade web applications
Experience with automated application security tools and technologies (SAST, DAST, SCA, etc.)
Experience in web application security issues and standards (ex. OWASP Top 10, SANS Top 25, etc.)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 23

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Job description
The Smith+Nephew Product Security Engineer, in collaboration with Global IT, RD and Compliance Teams, will provide hands on cybersecurity architecture and engineering services with the ultimate goal of ensuring Smith + Nephew products and their data is secure and resilient to cybersecurity threats
 
What will you be doing
 
Technical Cybersecurity Architecture and Engineering Services
Lead the definition and ensure the implementation of cybersecurity requirements and controls in support of multiple Smith + Nephew technologies, capital devices, digital accessories, connected infrastructures and software applications.
Product Security Risk Management and Threat Modelling
Lead the creation and maintenance of Product Cybersecurity Risk Registers and Threat Models throughout the development lifecycle to identify and mitigate cybersecurity deficiencies as early in the development lifecycle as possible.
Product Security Testing and Assessment
Lead the execution and integration of cybersecurity testing and assessment activities throughout the development lifecycle to identify and formulate mitigation strategies for cybersecurity deficiencies. Support the identification of technical solutions and ensure the integration of automated security tools and processes to help mitigate security vulnerabilities.
This includes but is not limited to: Vulnerability Testing, Penetration Testing, Code Analysis, Endpoint Protections, etc
Incident Response
support best practice (ISO 29147/30111) product cyber security incident response (IR) activities.
Secure-Software Development Life Cycle
Help develop and mature Global Product Security Strategy and Secure-Software Development Life Cycle (S-SDLC) to ensure robust cyber security controls are present and effective in our products from product conceptualization through commercial launch and ultimately product/product family decommissioning. Ensure ongoing awareness and understanding of emerging threats and industry best practices.
Outward Facing
Provide technical leadership and competency in communications with stakeholders outside of Smith + Nephew. Help to answer questions regarding the security of different products. This includes but is not limited to: Regulators, Customers, Auditors, Industry Groups, Researchers, etc
Education:
Bachelors degree in life science, computer science, information systems and/or equivalent formal training or work experience.
Five (5) years of experience in product/device security, application security, or IT information security.
Other reasons why you will love it here
Your future: stock purchase program, referral bonus, subsidy in transport and food, recognition program.
Work/Life Balance: Extra days off, birthday off, voluntary hours.
Your Wellbeing: company doctor, medical insurance, gym, health campaigns, employee assistance program, parental leave,
Flexibility : Hybrid work model (for more professional roles), flexible schedules.
Training: Training program, unlimited learning.
Extra perks: employees association, and more
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 24

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Minimum qualifications/skills
3+ years of professional experience in product security, working with SaaS application & Cloud security.
Must have bachelors degree or Master s degree with relevant security certifications
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Good understanding of software development concepts and technologies
Knowledge of programming languages such as JavaScript, Java, C#, and Python
Experience with security tools and technologies such as Web Application Firewall, SAST, and DAST
Experience in performing Penetration testing in identifying security vulnerabilities
Knowledge on OWASP Top 10/ SANS Top 25 vulnerabilities
Experience communicating security threats and application vulnerabilities to technical and non-technical team members
Preferred qualifications/skills
Any Security Certifications like CEH, OSCP will be a plus.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 25

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Roles and Responsibilities:

Collaborate closely with development teams to integrate security best practices into the software development lifecycle (SDLC).
Provide expert guidance on secure coding principles, architecture, and design to ensure the development of secure products.
Conduct regular security assessments, including threat modeling, vulnerability assessments, and risk analysis, to identify and mitigate security risks.
Perform penetration testing and security reviews of applications, systems, and infrastructure to identify vulnerabilities and provide remediation recommendations.
Lead the response to security incidents, including investigation, analysis, and coordination with relevant stakeholders for resolution.
Develop and maintain security policies, standards, and procedures to ensure compliance with industry regulations and standards.
Stay updated on emerging security threats, vulnerabilities, and industry best practices to proactively address security risks.

Requirement:

Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field.
Hands-on experience with security testing tools such as Burp Suite, Nessus, or Metasploit.
Experience in conducting vulnerability assessments, and penetration testing.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams.
Demonstrated ability to analyze complex security issues and develop practical solutions.
Industrial certification would be considered a plus.

Benefits:

Professional Development: Access to ongoing training, mentorship, and skill development.
Supportive Environment: A collaborative workplace that values innovation, diversity, and inclusion.
Cutting-Edge Work: The opportunity to work on the latest technologies and solutions in the cybersecurity industry.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 26

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Job description
Maintain relationships within Operating Unit proactively share business upcoming projects to the GSO
Engage with cross functional teams to drive complex data security issues to resolution
Contribute continuous improvement to the methodologies and practices of the Business Information Security to attain higher capability maturity levels
Track status of open requests/tasks and drive accountability of requestors to ensure timely submitting
Partner with the GSO and Privacy to perform deep dives over high risk processes and systems to identify and remediate gaps in data security
Support implementing monitoring Security compliance activities related to HITRUST, ISO27001, SOC2, etc
Help facilitate and/or respond to Customer Inquiries
Streamline processes and use of tools across Global IT to ensure data flow and security is maintained in the most efficient way possible
Provide insight and business background to include data security, encryption, authorization, authentication, and access controls to the GSO process teams, when needed
Prepare status reports on data security and privacy matters to educate the Business Relationship Managers (BRM) and business leadership about business owned IT security risks
Compile and communicate security/privacy risk to Business IT Leadership, BRMs and business leadership as appropriate
Establish a forum for outreach to the broader organization you represent to educate business requestors, business leaders, and IT leadership on the GSO Engagement processes
Demonstrate strong knowledge of IT security controls, security risk and threats
Regularly meet with the GSO to discuss issues, concerns, complex or high visibility projects, process improvement areas, and review SLA goals and actual results leverage these relationships and information to ensure business readiness, engagement, and alignment with security programs and initiatives.
Act as a resource for security compliance questions, risks, and concerns for the bisomess
Perform other security-related duties as and when directed by the Business Information Security management
Engage in stakeholder management in their respective business
Reach out and meet with stakeholders, educate them about the GSO and Global IT
Serve business stakeholders and requesters as "Customers" with a focus on service and support
Advise business / RD teams on attaining security reviews earlier in their projects
Hold yourself and your business accountable for committed deliverables and deadlines
Ensure timely response to requests for security support from the business.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 27

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Job description
- Work on any number of security and identity related areas and products
- Build systems for detecting anomalous activities within the product
- Develops and administers software engineering procedures and training for vulnerability scans and static code analysis
- Analyse vulnerability report of various SCA and SAST scan tools like, Black Duck, Tenable, Semgrem etc.
- Able to write scripts using Python and configure Jenkins for automated pipeline
- Serve as a subject matter expert for solutions, procedures and implementation of cybersecurity systems
- Perform Black-Box penetration testing and code reviews of internally developed linux os automation, api, and related Linux OS tools, 3rd party vendor solutions
- Develop innovative solutions to complex enterprise security platform problems
- Prepare and document departmental standard operating procedures
- Participate in product security risk assessments, hazard analysis, and assist product development engineers with vulnerability remediation
- Represent the product development team on product security incident response teams
- Participate in technical design reviews and code inspections, architecture reviews for Security assessment.
- Perform application vulnerability assessments
- Demonstrates proper secure coding practices driving standards within the software engineering organization

Skills Required-

- You are independent and comfortable working in a fast-paced environment
- You use excellent communication skills, on both technical and non-technical issues
- Minimum 6 years in the field of product security
- Have knowledge in SCA and SAST tools
- Have hands on knowledge in Python and Jenkins
- Deep understanding of Vulnerability (CVE) analysis concepts
- Have hands on knowledge in Network security, Browser security, TCP/IP model, PKI, Certificate management.

Education
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 28

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Job description
As a staff product security architect, you'll be trusted to understand security requirements of our software stack and service oriented architecture, provide guidance for usable infrastructure security, ensure that logical security controls are manageable at our scale, and much more
Your leadership skills will influence the roadmap for future security technologies, while working alongside motivated engineers across the company to keep AlphaSense at the cutting edge
Our team works across many areas of security architecture, and you will have the opportunity to focus on the projects you are passionate about and bring your expertise to help reach our team's goals
Responsibilities -

Take a leadership role in defining tools, techniques and technologies used to secure AlphaSense s research platform.
Undertake new infrastructure development, guiding teams to appropriate security architectures and modernizing AlphaSense s CI/CD security standards.
Foster a culture of security consciousness while understanding the trade-offs between security, usability and performance on a large scale.
Help develop strategies to secure AlphaSense s SaaS and Single tenant products.
Requirements -

10+ years of experience building, maintaining and managing security aspects of large-scale, distributed infrastructure and applications.
Strong experience in Linux system engineering and automation with an emphasis on security.
Demonstrated threat modeling capabilities in networking, infrastructure and applications as they impact the security posture of an organization.
A track record of building collaborative relationships with stakeholders across many functions, with a focus on correctness, scalability and usability of distributed infrastructure.
Ability to build proof-of-concepts solutions, innovate, and partner with Engineering teams to drive adoption.
The experience to know when to build, when to buy, and when to re-use.
Nice to have -

Solid knowledge of cryptographic primitives and protocols and how they combine to form secure systems.
Experience managing large scale infrastructure with terraform, GitOps
A track record of performing cutting edge security research.
Cloud Engineering experience in AWS, Azure, and/ or GCP.
Experience Hardening Cloud IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS.
Experience integrating with and securing a combination of in-house developed and third-party solutions
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 29

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Job description
As a Digital IC Design Staff Engineer with Marvell, you ll be a member of the CCS business group
This group focuses on custom, compute and storage solutions of Marvell
With the increased focus on the security of the products you will be involved in helping steer the SDL vision into on-going and future SoCs being worked on in the group
This team hires some of the biggest problem solvers in Silicon and has a huge impact on the work done at Marvell
The customers served by this team are often other chip companies and big tech companies, familiar names to all candidates
What You Can Expect

Strong understanding of computer architecture - CPUs, memory subsystems, interconnect networks.
Familiarity with security fundamentals a bonus
Understanding of fundamentals of logic design
Knowledge of any HDL like Verilog or SystemVerilog
Good understanding of object oriented programming
Knowledge of any scripting language, like Python.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
What Were Looking For

To be successful in this role, you must:
- Have a Bachelor s or Master s in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or similar field. Degrees in mathematics, physics or other sciences may be considered provided adequate coursework in electronics was taken also or work experience has provided relevant knowledge since graduation.
- Independently analyzes and optimizes small sub-circuit blocks within our overall design across Process, Voltage, Temperature
Responsible engineer for at least one major sub-circuit block from architecture definition to fine tuning.
Identifies and proposes innovative solutions to enhance the design of at least one major sub-circuit block.
Participates in root cause investigation and silicon validation of model to hardware correlation issues.
Mentors and coaches new and/or less experienced team members.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 30

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Job description
The selection, design, justification, implementation and operation of controls and management strategies to maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, availability, accountability and relevant compliance of information systems with legislation, regulation and relevant standards.
 
Key Responsibilities: Information security
Provides advice and guidance on security strategies to manage identified risks and ensure adoption and adherence to standards.
Contributes to development of the vulnerability mitigations of the products that are in the Product Area.
Oversees and coordinates Application security services in the product area.
Coordinates and support penetrations testing activities in the Product Area.
Provides Information security consultancy in the product Area.
Triages registered vulnerabilities and facilitates the process towards mitigation.
Conducts manual code reviews on demand
Analyze and plan the field of Security trainings in the Product Area.
Evaluate and improve the respective InfoSec KPIs in the Domain.
WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT
You will bring your ideas to life in a buzzing environment of highly engaged, multinational agile teams, who at their core build game-changing software products. Right there with you!
You will focus on developing backend applications based on microservices architecture using Java (Spring boot) and JavaScript (Node.js)
You will understand the full Secure SDLC process
You will work on the pipelines to implement Global Infosec Standards
You will work hands on with static and dynamic security scanners.
You will perform code reviews for critical code change to ensure code quality and security standards
You will fix confirmed vulnerabilities in alignment with the product teams
You will engage with key stakeholders (Devops teams, product owners, Product leads)
You will transfer the technical depth Information Security and Devops Teams
You will consult and coordinate Information Security related consultancies in the product.
You will support the penetration tests activities in the product and support mitigations.
You will understand your product and its area with all it s integrations
You will be continuously learning the latest tech from internal trainings, experienced colleagues, conferences, and trainings
You will attend Scrum ceremonies, including daily stand ups, refinements and retrospectives
You will follow existing release process to enable developed features in live systems
You will ensure team code is compliant with code quality and standards
WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR
4+ Years of experience in development
Striving towards security in development.
Willingness to train and improve in information security
Hands-on experience in backend development in Java (Springboot) and/or Node.js is a must.
Working experience with ReactJS or Angular is a plus.
Experience designing and implementing REST APIs
Strong knowledge of software development methodologies, tools and processes
Strong CI/CD experience. DevOps mindset
Experience with continuous integration (toolset) and cloud platforms is a big plus
Experience with event driven architectures is nice to have
Knowledge of secure coding best practices and OWASP Top 10
Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Fluent in English (verbal and written).
College or university degree with focus on IT or equivalent.
THOESE ARE YOUR TECHNOLOGIES
Static code scanners
Dynamic web application scanners
Languages and Frameworks: Java (Spring, Spring Boot), Node.js, React
Container Orchestration: Kubernetes, Docker
CI/CD: Jenkins
Cloud platforms: AWS
Events: Kafka
Agile Methodologies: Scrum/Kanban
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 31

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Job description
Performs security assessments of company products that may include vulnerability and risk assessments, threat analysis, and security code reviews to identify potential design and implementation vulnerabilities.
Designs and develops security features for products including systems, applications and/or solutions.
Integrates new security features and updates into existing products and ensures the security of all products is maintained throughout the product lifecycle.
Provides product security engineering recommendations and resolves integration and testing issues.
Builds a standardized set of security product requirements and produces metrics to report performance against those requirements.
Reviews and defines security diagnostics and tools to facilitate the analysis and reporting of security events.
Detects and mitigates security risks, responds to product security incidents, and works with customers regarding product security related issues.
Leads or participates in security architecture and design review meetings.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 32

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Job description
The Product Security Engineer position will provide Product Security support and leadership within the ENT OU products and solutions
Specifically, the candidate will support and drive the integration of Information Security in the ENT programs, to ensure that patient safety and information security are never compromised
The candidate will work cross-functionally with the RD teams to ensure that:

ENT solutions are architected and designed for the highest level of security,
Relevant security risks are identified and evaluated
Engineering decisions are made to support security
Solutions released comply to the latest regulatory or standard requirements
The candidate will execute the development and testing of security requirements, security processes procedures and project / product security artifacts as part of the Product Security Engineering team
The candidate will be responsible to develop, maintain and review project security management deliverables for regulatory bodies to comply with standards/guidance documents, and communicate with regulatory bodies as required by the program
The candidate will be part of a cross-functional team of security experts within the Medtronic organization to create, improve and implement security design/ testing best practices and will be the interface with the Medtronic security council
This position has the responsibility and authority to apply extensive technical expertise towards software solutions of complex technical problems and provides solutions that require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity
Work is performed without appreciable direction and with considerable latitude in determining technical objectives of the assignment
Position Responsibilities:

The Product Security Engineer is responsible for providing leadership in the development of secured products used in the medical field. Specific tasks include:

Execute product security-related activities throughout the lifecycle of ENT solutions.
This includes but not limited to:

o security requirements definition, flow down and verification, security design architecture at system and implementation through products,

o risk management activities to identify areas where a development project must implement specific security controls and recommendations for system-wide security enhancements, risk assessment and mitigation plans for market released products.

Assist in the development of security-related abuse cases to identify security risks.
Identify options for mitigating security-related risks, and assist the Systems Engineering team in evaluating these options.
Support security activities in communications with regulatory bodies.
Contribute to Medtronic s understanding of current industry best practices and how they can be applied to ENT Products.
Applies advanced technical principles, theories and concepts. Support across the ENT organization the development of processes, best practices leading to improve ENT OUs position as it relates to Information and Product security.
Works under consultative direction toward long range goals and objectives.
Develops advanced technical ideas and guides their development into final product.
Lead / Coordinate / Execute/ Assist activities to sustain/ develop organic or inorganic security testing capabilities in alignment with Medtronic testing strategies.
Maintains a high level of technical knowledge on security.
Automating the running of the vulnerability scans, the report creation,
Creating, managing/maintaining a database of vulnerabilities by product line mapping to CVE
Performs duties in compliance with environmental, health and safety related site rules, policies or governmental regulations.
Champion consistent implementation of the Quality System across projects
Must Have Skills and Experience:
Application software development experience
Software test experience
Strong expertise in scripting languages such as Python or Unix Shell, JSON
Strong expertise in using Excel and generating reports.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 33

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Position Responsibilities:

With the focus on Platform Cyber Security, this position will serve as a team member supporting analysis of requirements, risk management, and information systems. As such, this is an engineering role.

Develops, implements, and sustains product security and resiliency throughout the requirements, design, build, test, production, operations, and support lifecycle.

Develops and enhances system requirements and architectures for product security to meet all applicable certification and customer requirements.

Ensures security of facilities, equipment, tools, data, networks, and resources used for product: design, development, build, test, storage, delivery, operations, and support.

Defines and identifies product security requirements for suppliers of components and subsystems for integration into Boeing products and services.

Coordinates with governments, customers, suppliers, and industry to identify risks and improve industry and regulatory security standards and requirements for programs and interfacing systems.

Conducts research and development activities resulting in innovative solutions.

Advises customers on maintaining product security and certification, including security consequences of modifying products and services.

This position requires an active Secret U.S. Security Clearance. (A U.S. Security Clearance that has been active in the past 24 months is considered active.)

Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience):

Current DoD 8140.03 Personnel Certification intermediate level certification such as GFACT, CySA+, SSCP, Security+, or GSEC.

3 or more years’ experience with industry standard cybersecurity frameworks (NIST, OWASP).

5+ years of experience working in at least one engineering field for large or small-scale systems

A technical background working with Information Technology in a Weapon System context.

Bachelor of Science degree from an accredited course of study in engineering, engineering technology (includes manufacturing engineering technology) chemistry, physics, mathematics, data science, or computer science.

Preferred Qualifications

CISSP or equivalent certification

Knowledge of DoD policies and requirements related to Cyber Security

5+ years of experience in the field of cyber security, anti-tamper and/or secure computing

5+ years of experience in working with suppliers, developing statement-of-work and technical performance specifications

Understanding DoD contracting, developing proposals, and the Boeing estimating process
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 34

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Full job description
Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent
Knowledge of networking protocols such as HTTP, DNS and TCP/IP
Knowledge of system security vulnerabilities and remediation techniques, including penetration testing and the development of exploits or equivalent
Experience applying threat modeling or other risk identification techniques or equivalent
Experience with programming languages such as Python, Java, C++
Amazon Payments processes millions of transactions every day across numerous countries and payment methods. Over 100 million customers and merchants send tens of billions of dollars through our systems annually. We are re-inventing the vision of our platform to provide our internal and external clients the best payment gateway service, benchmarked against the top external alternatives.

Paramount to our success is ensuring that customer data is secure across Amazon Payments products and services. At the Payments Proactive Security Team, we are influencing the internal Payments ecosystem to pursue best security practices as well as driving the improvement of product security at scale by leveraging the automated solution and feedback loop mechanism established internally.

A Security Engineer in Amazon will be strong in multiple security domains and sought out for advice on technical issues. Efficient time management skills are required along with the ability to deliver results in the face of uncertainty. Engineers in this role must show exemplary judgment in making technical trade-offs between short versus long term security and business goals. They must also demonstrate resilience and navigate difficult situations with composure and tact. The successful candidate must be one that can handle several difficult challenges and problems, can make risk-based assessments founded on data and facts.

Additionally, the successful candidate will be:
Methodically empirical and experimental in approach and evaluation without being bound by over paralysis-by-analysis;
Work ceaselessly to improve knowledge of the security field, threat landscape, security intelligence, moving proactively toward prevention and detection of threats;
Be an enthusiastic learner and curiosity seeker, focusing on what can be done rather than hindered by notions of what cannot be;
Possess effective verbal and written communication skills, be passionate about sharing knowledge, tactics, strategy, as well as advocating for the project mission;
Have excellent time management skills along with the ability to deliver results in the face of uncertainty; and
Evangelize security within Amazon.com and be an advocate for customer trust.
A successful candidate will be a deeply curious individual who brings technical expertise, and ability to work within a fast-paced startup culture in a large company that has broad business impact. This is a unique opportunity to start with Amazon Payments and innovating and scaling security to protect customer trust.

Key job responsibilities
Work closely with service teams to identify threats and vulnerabilities throughout Software Development Life Cycle and provide guidance on mitigating the issues.
Identify and prioritize security problems that can be detected using automation.
Develop detection prototypes for these security problems to enhance our tool-set for static and dynamic analysis.
Work with builders and service teams to address detected security problems in an appropriate and timely fashion.
Identify opportunities to prevent security problems at scale.
Develop prototypes to prevent these security problems.
Document and provide security guidance that will be used across Amazon Payments.
Deliver metrics to show effectiveness of our security initiatives.
About the team
Payments Security team's mission is to build mechanisms that help prevent security issues from affecting Amazon's Payment Applications.

A security engineer in Payments Security team will work closely with application developers, evangelize security and build scalable detection and prevention mechanisms that help secure applications.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 35

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Full job description
YOUR MISSION:
Responsible for assuring that our security solutions are successfully integrated into the product, on time with high quality to the customer. Provides direction to project as related to security. Utilizes strong project management skills including planning, tracking to that plan, and communicating status to both internal and external customers. Oversee security testing work and be primary resource responsible for ensuring application security testing is thoroughly conducted.
A DAY IN THE LIFE:
Keeps abreast of new technologies and methods for the purpose of recommending changes that will benefit current and future customer programs. Performs security assessments of company products that may include vulnerability and risk assessments, threat analysis, and security code reviews to identify potential design and implementation vulnerabilities
Works with global software development teams and designs and develops security features for products including systems, applications and/or solutions.
Integrates new security features and updates into existing products and ensures the security of all products is maintained throughout the product lifecycle.
Provides product security engineering recommendations and resolves integration and testing issues.
Detects and mitigates security risks, responds to product security incidents, and works with customers regarding product security related issues.
Participates in security architecture and design review meetings between PASA, suppliers, and PASA’s customer and to track project status.
Evaluates new software releases from suppliers to ensure it meets the acceptance criteria.
Keeps abreast of new technologies and methods for the purpose of recommending changes that will benefit current and future customer programs.
Follows technical domain lead’s design direction for implementation, and applies best practices.
Prepares reports, charts, graphs, and other statistical information.

MUST-HAVES:
Four-year College Degree in at least one STEAM major (Science; Technology; Engineering; Art; Math) and a minimum of five (5) years of experience with full life cycle embedded software development in electronics. Minimum three (3) years leading a team of software engineers with a formal development process such as Agile, Waterfall, Scrum, or Extreme Programming. Preferably, at least two (2) to four (4) year of experience in full life cycle security development for electronics products.
Must have proficient with C/C++/Object Oriented Design (OOD).
Must have experience in designing, developing, and debugging software in a real-time embedded environment.
Must have experience in working on Micro Controllers or System On Chip(SOC).
Must have experience Embedded RTOS such as MICROSAR OS/Linux/QNX/Android.
Must have experience in using Compilers and Debuggers like GHS, IAR, Yacto, GCC/GDB based tools.
Must have working experience with Offshore team members.
Must have Good Experience in understanding of hardware and schematics.
Must have Working knowledge of a Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Must have Working knowledge of Software Configuration Management (SCM) systems.
Preferred experience/knowledge in some of the below listed areas:
ASPICE, ISO21434 and ISO26262 standards.
Encryption/decryption algorithms.
Secure coding techniques and OpenSSL (or equivalent) Libraries.
Firewalls, TLS client/server communication, and X.509 certificates
Threat modeling, fuzz testing, penetration testing, vulnerability management, and software bill-of-materials (SBOM).
Integrating/configuring the security solutions like secure boot, secure diagnostics, HSM, crypto stack, in the Autosar framework.
Experience with Autosar configuration tools like Davinci Configurator/developer or equivalent tools.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 36

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Key Responsibilities:

Take initiative in all areas of product & infrastructure development.
Identify threats and vulnerabilities to patient safety and product integrity, assess current security controls and determine potential impact of a threat and the risk level associated with threat/vulnerability pairs.
Work with quality, regulatory and other compliance orgs to identify product security imperatives and update the threat models based on them.
Drive architecture and design discussion and ensure that decisions incorporate security considerations.
Design and develop embedded system security software to integrate with mechanical, electrical, and distributed computing systems.
Document designs and specifications per design control processes and conform to Industry Standards for Medical Device Software (IEC 62304). * Interact and interface with systems engineering, program management, development operations, control systems and other engineering teams to help implement security controls, evaluate code/design quality and calculate/disposition/register security vulnerabilities and risks
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Cybersecurity or related area or equivalent additional professional experience.
8+ years experience in computing and technology.
5+ years experience in building/evaluating product security.
5+ years of coding experience with C/C++.
5+ years experience in Software Engineering or Product Architecture role.
Experience and Skills Required:

Ability to work autonomously and proactively seek out opportunities to build security capabilities across our platforms.
Ability to think big picture and have attention to detail – aligning strategic objectives with tactical implementation.
Proven experience with electrical and embedded software design.
Proficient in security architecture and risk assessments for connected products, medical devices or IoT platforms.
Experience developing software for embedded / Real-Time Software / Operating Systems using C/C++.
A results and performance driven demeanor with strong sense of accountability.
Preferred:

Experience with cybersecurity, data governance, and privacy standards (HIPAA, ISO 27001, UL 2900, FDA)
Work experience with Systems Engineering activities: requirements management and development, risk management, and verification
Strong collaboration, proven technical leadership capabilities, and conflict resolution skills
A security certification from an accredited body is preferred.
Experience working with SECURE BOOT, TRUSTZONE, TPM, DDS, MQTT, PUBSUB, YOCTO, LINUX and QNX
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 37

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Full job description
2+ years of programming in Python, Ruby, Go, Swift, Java, .Net, C++ or similar object oriented language experience
2+ years knowledge of system security vulnerabilities and remediation techniques, including penetration testing and the development of exploits or equivalent
2+ years knowledge of networking protocols such as HTTP, DNS and TCP/IP
Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent professional experience
Help us protect not only the Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud computing environment but all of our customers as well! Since 2006, our great team at AWS has been enabling our customers to bring great ideas to life in ways that aren’t possible in traditional IT environments. With AWS you can flexibly harness compute, storage, security, and other services from across the globe as your business demands them. AWS Security is on the cutting edge of many security issues for a wide variety of platforms and technologies including AI/ML, Next Generation Developer Experience, Mobile Platforms, and Open Source, all operating at massive scale.

AWS Security is looking for an Application Security Engineer to help validate that our services, applications, products, and websites are designed and implemented to the highest security standards. You will be responsible for analyzing the security of applications and services, discovering and addressing security issues, building security automation, and quickly reacting to new threat scenarios. You will have the opportunity to learn from, and be mentored by, those who are building and securing our cutting-edge services.

A Security Engineer at Amazon is expected to be strong in multiple domains and provide significant contributions to the AWS IT Security team and to multiple groups throughout Amazon. Security engineers are expected to develop elegant solutions to complex business problems and apply appropriate technologies while following security engineering best practices. You are also expected to mentor more junior engineers and be a security thought leader for the organization.

A Security Engineer must foster constructive dialogue and seek resolution when confronted with discordant views. Engineers in this role are expected to participate fully in the planning of the AWS IT Security team’s work and constantly seek opportunities for process improvement. They should also have a deep understanding of at least one specialty for which they are a sought out resource (both within AWS IT Security and by groups throughout Amazon), while having an understanding of the application of Information Security in a broad range of technical areas.
A successful candidate will need a combination of troubleshooting, technical, and communication skills, as well as the ability to handle a mix of disparate tasks which may include project and software development work.

Key job responsibilities
Key job responsibilities
Application security reviews
Mobile security reviews
Secure architecture design
Threat modeling
Projects and research work as needed
Security training and outreach to internal development teams
Security guidance documentation
Security tool development
Security metrics delivery and improvements
Assistance with recruiting activities and administrative work
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 38

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Full job description
As a Product Security Officer (PSO), you will join a newly established global information security organization under the Global Product CISO organization. The job holder is expected to independently manage, consolidate, prioritize, and coordinate all information security and data protection topics with the respective development teams throughout the entire lifecycle of the product. This includes, amongst others, initial development, operation, and further development of products. The job holder will also ensure that products, the corresponding development and, where applicable, operating processes, comply with state of the art, the company's internal security requirements and the relevant standards, regulations, and applicable laws. The job holder will actively participate in threat modeling to identify and detect all possible cybersecurity threats to products. Furthermore, the job holder will work closely with the relevant departments on implementing information security and data protection methodologies and processes and is the central point of contact between the respective business unit and the technical implementation in the development units. As such, the job holder will also represent information security and data protection issues in strategic decisions and coordination on business level. If required by the product, this also applies across sites or internationally for the corresponding product.

Main Tasks:
Responsible for end-to-end product security lifecycle of digital healthcare products.
Continuous adaptation of threat intelligence, threat modeling, security testing, and the global security requirements to changed standards and regulations as well as to new laws and the current threat situation.
Organizing and participating in threat modeling sessions in various development projects.
Creation of information security and data protection requirements based on protection needs analyses, threat modeling and risk analyses in cooperation with the respective development teams.
Execution of product security requirement analyses.
Coordination with the respective development teams regarding technical implementation and prioritization of requirements.
Organizing penetration tests with external providers.
Creation of security concept documents.
Providing security and awareness training to stakeholders.
A minimum Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent.
A minimum of two years of experience in product security. Experience for cloud-native products is preferred. CSSLP, CISSP and/or relevant
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 39

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Position Description:

Formally assess and document vulnerabilities in Micron products

Review security mechanisms and security architecture of products

Function as an authority in secure product development

Handle product security incidents

Requirements:

Degree or equivalent experience in information assurance/information security

Experience with analyzing vulnerabilities, including severity ratings (CVSS and Common Criteria)

Practical and theoretical cryptography experience

Ability to work with multiple teams across a large organization

Understanding of Secure Development Lifecycles

Experience with Security standards: NIST, ISO, FIPS

Experience threat modeling

Experience reviewing design and architecture of the security functionality of products

Desirable:

Software development experience

Embedded system experience

Hardware design experience

Understanding of Agile and CI/CD software development

Experience with Hardware development

Supply Chain security experience
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 40

Source - Naukri.com

Job Description:
Full job description
This position is US based only.Discord empowers people to create spaces where they can find a sense of belonging in their lives. Millions of people trust Discord to keep their communications secure, private, and out of the hands of evildoers, so security and privacy are necessary to Discord's success. We are looking for a Security Engineer reporting to the Product Security Engineering Manager to join our team in building a secure and protected platform for Discord's users. If you are an Engineer with a wealth of experience making the secure way the easy way, a deep sense of curiosity, and an endless desire to improve Discord, read on! What You'll Be Doing Design and develop technical solutions to find and address security issues (including libraries and frameworks). Build tools with an emphasis on self-service, automation, and performance, to help identify and mitigate application security flaws. Perform reviews ranging from architectural design to threat modeling and source code level assessments, providing recommendations to make our products more secure. Review development frameworks for security functionality, consistency, and uplift opportunities. Deep-dive into the architectural and technical aspects of new projects, providing expert security guidance and/or writing technical security controls Discover weaknesses in Discord by using both manual and automated methods (code reviews, threat models, static scans, penetration tests). You Will Thrive In This Role If You have 5+ years experience securing production applications. You have 5+ years of experience with application security tooling and processes, including code review, static code analysis, penetration testing, and risk management. You have 5+ years of experience programming in at least one general purpose programming language (e.g. Python, Rust, Go). You have experience leading multiple security projects with a cross-functional group. Expertise with common application vulnerabilities on the platforms Discord ships on (that's all of them). You are well-experienced implementing and using application security tools. You have experience operating in cloud-based environments (we use Google Cloud, but experience with other platforms is ok too). You are an expert at reasoning about the security of complex systems, even if they contain components you aren't familiar with. Experienced with Threat Modeling and analyzing complex designs. Bonus Points Experience programming in at least one systems programming language (e.g. C, C++). Experience with Linux system administration (we use Ubuntu). Experience developing, operating, and debugging distributed systems. #LI-RemoteThe US base salary range for this full-time position is $223,000 to $245,500 + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role and level. Within the range, individual pay is determined by additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include equity, or benefits.Please see our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy for details regarding Discord's collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.Discord is an equal opportunity employer that believes diversity inspires creativity and innovation. We are committed to fostering an inclusive environment where employees can do their best work free of harassment or discrimination, regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, military status, or any other protected characteristics or identities. We encourage all candidates to apply for roles where they may make the most impact. About Us Discord is a voice, video and text app that helps friends come together to hang out, have fun, and play games. With over 150 million monthly users, Discord has grown to become one of the most popular communications services in the world. Discord offers a premium subscription called Nitro that gives users special perks like higher quality streams and fun customizations. We’re working toward an inclusive world where no one feels like an outsider, where genuine human connection is a click, text chat, or voice call away. A place where everyone can find belonging. Challenging? Heck yes. Rewarding? Double heck yes. It’s a mission that gives us the chance to positively impact millions of people all over the world. So if this strikes a chord with you, come build belonging with us!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 41

Source - https://ninjajobs.org/job/78bc77897df63836067425a7136555cdb087e69873

Job Description:
Responsibilities



Participate in and drive application security review at all parts of the Software Development Lifecycle, including threat modeling, code review and dynamic testing

Consulting with engineers to design secure code

Collaborating with engineers to track vulnerability resolution

Assist in automating testing to detect vulnerabilities at scale

Assist in variant analysis during our incident response process to identify similar vulnerabilities across our code bases and ensure thorough remediation


Minimum Qualifications



Extensive experience in application security principles, best practices and common web security vulnerabilities

Significant experience scoping and executing application security testing and code review across complex code bases

Experience with performing threat modeling

Excellent written and verbal communication skills allowing you to clearly explain intricate vulnerabilities and technically sound mitigations

Fundamental knowledge of HTTP, twirp, gRPC, git and network protocols and standards such as DNS and TCP/IP


Bonus points if you have



Experience in Cloud architecture security (ex: Azure, AWS, GCP)

Experience utilizing GitHub product features, such as GitHub Actions

Industry standard certifications (OSCP, OSWE, etc.)

Experience and expertise using CodeQL as well as writing CodeQL queries
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 42

Source - https://www.nowhiteboard.org/jobs/62729cb7b65e3886f4380275

Job Description:
Responsibilities
Stay up-to-date with emerging security standards and help to identify when and where they should be adopted at GitHub
Participate in and lead the team’s technical decision making and planning
Write robust, maintainable backend and frontend code across a variety of tech stacks
Review code and lead group discussions about the projects we’re working on
Develop systematic solutions to problems instead of focusing on one-off fixes
Mentor other engineers, both formally and informally
Qualifications
Note: if you are this close to the qualifications described in this posting, please don't let it discourage you from applying. We'd love to hear from you.

Experience building software systems, and an understanding of how to scale them
Experience and passion for secure-by-default architecture
Knowledge of web application vulnerabilities and mitigations
Known for being a great communicator and collaborator
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Experience in the field of product security
Preferred Qualifications
Practical software development skills with Ruby on Rails or Go
Working knowledge of applied cryptography
Working knowledge of modern web security standards
Technical leadership experience
Demonstrated mentorship experience
Experience using Git and GitHub
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 43

Source - https://www.careervault.io/remote/github-154/software/senior-manager-product-security-engineering-remote-united-states-4461219

Job Description:
Responsibilities:

Oversee and mature the day-to-day operations of the team to ensure the team’s partnership and processes are clearly understood with product and engineering teams across GitHub and continuously improved based on feedback
Drive clarity and manage projects across multiple teams, fostering clear communication, understanding, and process improvements
Coach and advocate for the team to support their career growth by prioritizing weekly team syncs, consistent 1:1s, individual development planning, and performance reviews
Partner with GitHub’s engineering and product organizations to champion the resolution of the vulnerabilities identified by the team and communicate these risks to our leadership teams
Support the team in technical leadership and establish a culture of mentorship, pairing, and knowledge sharing to ensure their expertise identifies the highest risk vulnerabilities in GitHub’s highest priority product areas
Required Qualifications:

3+ years of people management experience
5+ years of experience focused on application security and identifying and preventing vulnerabilities common to modern software development
Experience building and maintaining clear operating models for scoping, scheduling, and delivering application security services or other SDL (Security Development Lifecycle) capabilities
Experience in leading a team in an asynchronous work environment
Preferred Qualifications

Proven written and verbal communication skills and ability to understand the value and drivers behind adjusting style and tone for a given audience, including technical and non-technical peers and leaders across the company.
Experience developing a strategy and roadmap for your teams with a focus on prioritizing the highest impact work to reduce technical risk
Excitement for fostering a culture of security across engineering practices and processes
A strong track record of managing performance, calibrating expectations, and building and maintaining high performing, inclusive teams
Experience using Git and GitHub and understanding of the open source ecosystem

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 44

Source - https://www.glassdoor.com/job-listing/senior-product-security-engineer-github-inc-JV_KO0,32_KE33,43.htm?jl=1009136580032

Job Description:
Required Qualifications:

Familiarity with issuing CVEs and the release notes lifecycle
Experience using a Dynamic Application Security Testing (DAST) tool like Burp Suite, ZAP, etc (Burp Suite preferred)
5+ years working in a collaborative work environment performing research, triage, security research, project management or relevant experience
Experience leveraging the OWASP Top Ten or similar web security resource
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with maintaining and troubleshooting vulnerabilities in Enterprise Systems/Software
Experience with Root Cause Analysis
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Familiarity with Ruby
Experience triaging bounty reports or support tickets
Experience as a Bug Bounty researcher
Practical software development experience & automating processes
Experience with GitHub
Security community experience (blogs, presentations, etc)
Other requirements:

Ability to meet GitHub, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft, GitHub’s parent company, Cloud Screen upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 45

Source - https://www.glassdoor.com/job-listing/senior-product-security-engineer-github-inc-JV_KO0,32_KE33,43.htm?jl=1009136580032

Job Description:
Required Qualifications:

Familiarity with issuing CVEs and the release notes lifecycle
Experience using a Dynamic Application Security Testing (DAST) tool like Burp Suite, ZAP, etc (Burp Suite preferred)
5+ years working in a collaborative work environment performing research, triage, security research, project management or relevant experience
Experience leveraging the OWASP Top Ten or similar web security resource
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with maintaining and troubleshooting vulnerabilities in Enterprise Systems/Software
Experience with Root Cause Analysis
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Familiarity with Ruby
Experience triaging bounty reports or support tickets
Experience as a Bug Bounty researcher
Practical software development experience & automating processes
Experience with GitHub
Security community experience (blogs, presentations, etc)
Other requirements:

Ability to meet GitHub, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft, GitHub’s parent company, Cloud Screen upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 46

Source - https://www.glassdoor.com/job-listing/senior-product-security-engineer-github-inc-JV_KO0,32_KE33,43.htm?jl=1009136580032

Job Description:
Required Qualifications:

Familiarity with issuing CVEs and the release notes lifecycle
Experience using a Dynamic Application Security Testing (DAST) tool like Burp Suite, ZAP, etc (Burp Suite preferred)
5+ years working in a collaborative work environment performing research, triage, security research, project management or relevant experience
Experience leveraging the OWASP Top Ten or similar web security resource
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with maintaining and troubleshooting vulnerabilities in Enterprise Systems/Software
Experience with Root Cause Analysis
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Familiarity with Ruby
Experience triaging bounty reports or support tickets
Experience as a Bug Bounty researcher
Practical software development experience & automating processes
Experience with GitHub
Security community experience (blogs, presentations, etc)
Other requirements:

Ability to meet GitHub, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft, GitHub’s parent company, Cloud Screen upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 47

Source - https://www.nowhiteboard.org/jobs/627bd14ebfbe4ed711eb9f50

Job Description:
Responsibilities

Participate in and drive application security review at all parts of the Software Development Lifecycle, including threat modeling, code review and dynamic testing
Consulting with engineers to design secure code
Collaborating with engineers to track vulnerability resolution
Assist in automating testing to detect vulnerabilities at scale
Assist in variant analysis during our incident response process to identify similar vulnerabilities across our code bases and ensure thorough remediation
Minimum Qualifications

Extensive experience in application security principles, best practices and common web security vulnerabilities
Significant experience scoping and executing application security testing and code review across complex code bases
Experience with performing threat modeling
Excellent written and verbal communication skills allowing you to clearly explain intricate vulnerabilities and technically sound mitigations
Fundamental knowledge of HTTP, twirp, gRPC, git and network protocols and standards such as DNS and TCP/IP
Bonus points if you have

Experience in Cloud architecture security (ex: Azure, AWS, GCP)
Experience utilizing GitHub product features, such as GitHub Actions
Industry standard certifications (OSCP, OSWE, etc.)
Experience and expertise using CodeQL as well as writing CodeQL queries
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 48

Source - https://boards.greenhouse.io/clickhouse/jobs/5085774004

Job Description:
What you will do:

Collaborate with engineering and product on improving existing and building new product features with focus on threat modeling, assurance and secure implementation, some examples of recent work include implementation of secure key management, passwordless authentication, m2m authentication, sandboxing and compute/network/storage isolation
Identify security gaps and vulnerabilities in ClickHouse Cloud and OSS, triage a wide range of vulnerabilities reported via our bug bounty program, responsible disclosure, GitHub Issues covering web, API and server - client assets including low level memory issues like heap or buffer overflows
Improve and develop security assurance activities - pentests, vulnerability assessments, bug bounty programs, fuzzing
Drive implementation and usage of engineering security tools - static, dynamic code analysis, dependency checks, code licensing compliance (working knowledge of Snyk, Semgrep, GitHub CodeQL)
Nurture the engineering - security relationship, identify and implement process and technology improvements
Handle information security events and incidents across ClickHouse products and services
Develop processes, tooling and automation to scale security processes and mitigate risks to the business
What you bring along:

Experience supporting engineering and product implementation efforts by performing threat assessments, assurance activities, advisory as well as, in some cases, implementation work across distributed systems covering web, API, client/server assets
Strong knowledge of and experience with one or more cloud service providers (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure), Kubernetes, Cilium
Experience implementing and operating engineering security tools and processes (e.g. static / dynamic code analysis, software composition analysis, SBOM, OWASP SAMM, client and network fuzzing tools)
Significant development and automation experience, ability to work with C++ code
Security as code mindset, with focus on solving problems with automation and scale in mind
Bonus Points:

BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science or related field
Previous contributions to open source projects
Security or cloud related certifications (AWS, GCP, Azure)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 49

Source - https://edel.fa.us2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_2001/job/14518?location=Canada

Job Description:
Duties:

Find, research and report unknown vulnerabilities in products via automated and manual source code auditing methods.
Search for code pattern similarities by semantic and variant analysis.
Conduct program analysis via instrumentation and fuzzing.
Provide support in the handling of incidents involving vulnerability disclosure.
Devise proof of concept exploitations as concrete means of demonstrating issues to development.
Follow and assist the development of the remediating changes in the code.
Skills:

Good understanding of Fortinet products line-up, solid security background, in-depth understanding of asymmetric cryptography, scripting knowledge, high proficiency in C language, must be detail oriented and able to follow processes thoroughly.
Solid security background, in-depth understanding of cryptography and protection schemes.
High proficiency with C/C++ languages, the POSIX/Linux/Unix programming environment, scripting languages.
Familiarity with the most important and modern aspects of web security.
Must be comfortable with debuggers and debugging tools.
Good English language writing and communication skills are a must.
Education:

Bachelor degree in any Engineering or Scientific discipline or equivalent.
Personal blog, Github page or equivalent record of activities.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 50

Source - https://cybersn.com/role/product-security-engineer/

Job Description:
Responsibilities
•
Providing security guidance on all new products and technologies within the organization.
•
Collaborating with the engineering team to perform regular product security assessments and threat modelling.
•
Managing the operations and effectiveness of the product security pipeline tools.
•
Updating product security tooling to reduce false positives.
•
Responding to vulnerabilities disclosed through threat detection systems.
•
Maintaining internal documentation and security standards to ensure security best practices are followed.
•
Designing and implementing tools to automate and scale security processes.
•
Supporting the incident detection and response processes.
•
Providing security support and leadership to the product engineering team.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 51

Source - https://relocate.me/japan/tokyo/mercari/security-engineer-product-security-8614

Job Description:
Work Responsibilities

Mercari is looking for a security engineer to join our Product Security Team in Tokyo. The Product Security Team ensures that Mercari products meet security requirements and investigates, tracks, and assists in fixing security issues. The team strives to be a business enabler working on a variety of tasks and applying a risk-based approach to security-related decision making 
As a Product Security Engineer you will be responsible for eliciting and communicating security requirements to product teams, performing threat modeling, design reviews, and security testing. You will also be involved in evaluating, designing, developing, and deploying automated security assessment solutions (DAST, SAST, SCA, etc.) and take on the challenge of ensuring the safety of Mercari’s development lifecycle
Bold Challenges

Work with a modern, cloud-first development and deployment environment
This position will allow you to take full advantage of your skills and experience because you will work on a variety of projects ranging from an online marketplace to payments and IoT
Mercari offers a multicultural environment with colleagues from over 40 different countries and various backgrounds (experiences and skills), so you will be able to discuss and address issues from different perspectives and use that for personal growth
Roles and Responsibilities

Review product designs to define necessary security requirements based on threat modeling
Review proposed architecture and propose a set of security controls in order to minimize risk 
Review source code to find security problems and potential vulnerabilities
Conduct vulnerability assessments and penetration testing on Mercari’s Web, iOS, and Android applications 
Automate security checks and tests so that they can be easily and transparently plugged into the CI/CD pipeline
Develop technical solutions to help mitigate security vulnerabilities
Maintain technical and security standards for Web and mobile application technologies 
Educate developers on secure coding practices with workshops, talks, and lessons
Evaluate and investigate suspected security events or incidents and perform remediation in accordance with Incident Response procedures
Collaborate with information security officers, the legal team, and internal auditors on technical security matters
Your qualification
2+ years of experience analyzing the security of systems (penetration testing, Web application security testing, vulnerability scanning, threat modeling, etc.)
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience
Programming experience with one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Go, PHP, Java, Ruby, Python, C/C++, Objective-C, Swift, Kotlin, or JavaScript
Good understanding of modern Web application architecture, TLS, HTTP, TCP/IP, and standard network and system security technologies
Experience with modern software development tools, such as distributed version control systems (git), dependency management, build systems, and CI/CD pipelines 
Effective interpersonal and communication skills
Strong teamwork skills in a diverse environment 
Will be a plus
In-depth technical knowledge of security engineering, computer and network security, Unix-based operating systems, mobile security, authentication, security protocols, and applied cryptography
Good understanding of development methodologies such as Object-oriented Programming (OOP), Domain-driven Design (DDD), and Test-driven Development (TDD)
Strong experience in securing both backend (Go, PHP) and frontend (Web, JavaScript, iOS, Android) applications
Good understanding of microservice architecture and related security patterns
Knowledge of container and orchestration technology like Docker and Kubernetes
Experience working with large-scale cloud infrastructure and services (GCP or AWS) 
Experience working in an agile and DevOps-centric environment
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 52

Source - https://hired.com/job/senior-security-engineer-product-security-zendesk-singapore-pte-ltd

Job Description:
What you'll do as a Senior Product Security Engineer

* Grow our established bug bounty program into a highly visible, industry leading program by increasing researcher engagement, driving vulnerability management between
* Security Researchers and our global Engineering teams, analyzing trends in vulnerabilities and using the program to push for systematic fixes to common vulnerabilities.
* Perform threat modeling and review software design in partnership with Zendesk Engineering.
* Assist in the vulnerability management process including triaging identified vulnerabilities and tracking them through the vulnerability lifecycle.
* Partner engineering through our Security Champions program to nurture a security culture and to help our engineers improve their security posture.
* Be the voice of Zendesk Security while responding to customer security questions and issues.
* Support incident response efforts as needed and work with teammates to investigate them.

What you bring to the role:

* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or other relevant focus of study.
* At least 5 years of application security experience, plus experience mentoring junior staff.
* Programming experience (Ruby, Python, Scala, Golang, Node.js, Ember.js, or React is a plus) - please send us your GitHub/Bitbucket account or examples of projects, if available.
* Experience securing large Amazon Web Service deployments.
* Penetration testing experience/ability to verify common web vulnerabilities.
* Knowledge of modern web applications including their security threats and vulnerabilities.
* Excellent problem solving skills.
* Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
* Ability to work on multiple projects/tasks at once - balancing and prioritizing work appropriately.
* Experience with agile development processes, working in a fast-paced environment with continuous integration.
* Security certifications are a plus such as OSCP, GWEB, GPEN, GWAPT, CEH, CISSP, GSEC, etc

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 53

Source - https://www.foundit.in/job/sr-product-security-engineer-medtronic-hyderabad-secunderabad-telangana-26841496

Job Description:
Job Description

The Product Security Engineer position will provide Product Security support and leadership within the ENT OU products and solutions. Specifically, the candidate will support and drive the integration of Information Security in the ENT programs, to ensure that patient safety and information security are never compromised. The candidate will work cross-functionally with the RD teams to ensure that:
ENT solutions are architected and designed for the highest level of security,
Relevant security risks are identified and evaluated
Engineering decisions are made to support security.
Solutions released comply to the latest regulatory or standard requirements

The candidate will execute the development and testing of security requirements, security processes procedures and project / product security artifacts as part of the Product Security Engineering team. The candidate will be responsible to develop, maintain and review project security management deliverables for regulatory bodies to comply with standards/guidance documents, and communicate with regulatory bodies as required by the program.

The candidate will be part of a cross-functional team of security experts within the Medtronic organization to create, improve and implement security design/ testing best practices and will be the interface with the Medtronic security council.

This position has the responsibility and authority to apply extensive technical expertise towards software solutions of complex technical problems and provides solutions that require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity. Work is performed without appreciable direction and with considerable latitude in determining technical objectives of the assignment.

Position Responsibilities:

The Product Security Engineer is responsible for providing leadership in the development of secured products used in the medical field. Specific tasks include:

Execute product security-related activities throughout the lifecycle of ENT solutions. This includes but not limited to:
o security requirements definition, flow down and verification, security design architecture at system and implementation through products,
o risk management activities to identify areas where a development project must implement specific security controls and recommendations for system-wide security enhancements, risk assessment and mitigation plans for market -released products.
Assist in the development of security-related abuse cases to identify security risks.
Identify options for mitigating security-related risks, and assist the Systems Engineering team in evaluating these options.
Support security activities in communications with regulatory bodies.
Contribute to Medtronic s understanding of current industry best practices and how they can be applied to ENT Products.
Applies advanced technical principles, theories and concepts. Support across the ENT organization the development of processes, best practices leading to improve ENT OU s position as it relates to Information and Product security.
Works under consultative direction toward long range goals and objectives.
Develops advanced technical ideas and guides their development into final product.
Lead / Coordinate / Execute/ Assist activities to sustain/ develop organic or inorganic security testing capabilities in alignment with Medtronic testing strategies.
Maintains a high level of technical knowledge on security.
Automating the running of the vulnerability scans, the report creation,
Creating, managing/maintaining a database of vulnerabilities by product line mapping to CVE
Performs duties in compliance with environmental, health and safety related site rules, policies or governmental regulations.
Champion consistent implementation of the Quality System across projects.

Must Have Skills and Experience:
Application software development experience
Software test experience
Strong expertise in scripting languages such as Python or Unix Shell, JSON
Strong expertise in using Excel and generating reports.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 54

Source - https://www.jobtrees.com/postid/a4193013d8827e282fccf88f4cdc6fbd

Job Description:
Job Description
This role is responsible for overseeing the security aspects of software products throughout the development lifecycle. The role safeguards software products against potential security threats and vulnerabilities. The role collaborates with software development teams, security experts, and stakeholders to integrate security best practices into the software development lifecycle. The role helps ensure that the software products meet stringent security standards and provide a secure user experience.

Responsibilities

* Leads the process of planning, testing, and implementing advanced software security techniques.
* Leads on-going security testing and code review to improve software security; updates security testing plans to ensure known vulnerabilities will not resurface.
* Prepares engineering designs for new software solutions to help mitigate security vulnerabilities.
* Leads internal teams in the adoption of SDL, specifically source code analysis, threat modeling, risk analysis, and writing product security requirements.
* Reviews and evaluates designs and project activities for compliance with security standards and guidelines; provides tangible feedback to improve product quality and mitigate risk.
* Responds to high visibility incidents in collaboration with other product, security, and privacy teams in the organization.
* Partners with engineering leaders across the organization to help them prioritize security issues in their products and balance business goals.
* Works with a diversified group of stakeholders and technical leads to identify, communicate, and mitigate project risks, issues, and dependencies.
* Provides security training and awareness to development teams to promote a security-conscious culture and educate team members about secure coding practices.
* Works with cross-functional teams, including developers, QA engineers, DevOps teams, and stakeholders, to achieve secure software development and deployment.

Education & Experience Recommended

* Four-year or Graduate Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or any other related discipline or commensurate work experience or demonstrated competence.
* Typically has 7-10 years of work experience, preferably in software security and automation, or a related field.

Preferred Certifications

* Certified Information Systems Security Professional
* Systems Security Certified Practitioner

Knowledge & Skills

* Agile Methodology
* Automation
* CI/CD
* Code Review
* Computer Science
* Continuous Integration
* Cyber Security
* DevOps
* Github
* Java (Programming Language)
* Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)
* Product Design
* Python (Programming Language)
* Secure Coding
* Security Software
* Software Development
* Software Engineering
* Systems Development Life Cycle
* Threat Modeling
* Vulnerability

Cross-Org Skills

* Effective Communication
* Results Orientation
* Learning Agility
* Digital Fluency
* Customer Centricity
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 55

Source - https://medtronic.referrals.selectminds.com/jobs/product-security-engineer-ii-application-security-sast-dast-151852

Job Description:
Must Have Skills and Experience: 
• Application software development experience
• Software test experience
• Strong expertise in scripting languages such as Python or Unix Shell, JSON
• Strong expertise in using Excel and generating reports.
Education Required: 
• B.E./B. Tech in Computer Science or similar Engineering discipline.
 Years of Experience: 
• 8+ years of software development experience with B.E./B.Tech.
• 4+ years of software development experience with M.E./M.Tech.
 Preferred Skills and Qualifications:
• Knowledge of programming preferably in C++
• Experience with Product Security / information security
• Experience with Risk Management and Systems Engineering processes.
• Experience analyzing and documenting requirements
• Experience in developing threat model for products
• Strong understanding of product and system security aspects
• Hands on experience on pentest and using security assessment tools at code, system and network-level
• Knowledge on secure authentication, authentication and encryption mechanisms to implement in design and code
• Knowledge of assessment and vulnerability ranking tools such as NIST and CVSS Knowledge of cybersecurity and data privacy is preferred, but not mandatory
• Well-versed in at least one of the programming languages like Java, PHP, Python, Ruby, and Perl
• Possess knowledge of AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, and how to implement developer tools such as  GitHub and Dependency management
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Ability to work in a team environment.
PHYSICAL JOB REQUIREMENTS:
Physical capabilities to perform the job
• The physical demands described within the Responsibilities section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
• While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to be independently mobile.  The employee is also required to use a computer, and communicate with peers and co-workers.
WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
 The above description is intended to describe the general content, identify the essential functions of, and requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities or requirements
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 56

Source - https://joblink.maine.gov/jobs/924885

Job Description:
You Have:

Bachelor's Degree in a related field plus additional related college courses or professional training.
7 plus years of progressively responsible, directly related, experience
Strong knowledge of secure development principles and best practices and of DevSecOps SDLC
Must have strong knowledge in product security and cloud application development and security best practices, including software supply chain and microservice architecture
Must have a thorough understanding of web protocols TCP/IP, UDP, HTTP, HTTPS, SSL, TLS, etc.
Experience with various programming languages (Java, node.js, Python, PHP, Javascript, etc.).
Hands-on experience detecting and validating common vulnerabilities such as cross-site scripting (XSS), session hijacking, SQL injection, CSRF (Cross-Site Request Forgery), OWASP Top 10, and other attack vectors

Differentiators

Experience with mobile application security
Hands on experience with the following source code repositories is a plus: GIT, BitBucket, Github
Hands on experience with Restful API's and AWS services
Docker hardening techniques
Traffic and log analysis from a security perspective
Windows and/or Linux hardening techniques
Familiarity with common frameworks, such as Angular and Node.js Protocol analysis and forensic analysis experience is a plus.
One or more security certifications or a CISSP certification would be ideal
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 57

Source - https://www.vermontjoblink.com/jobs/1022766

Job Description:
About you

In this role, you will:

Act as a security liaison and guiding force for assigned Product Security Partner teams
Work to promote, grow and enhance the Product Security Partners program; promote Security Champions and mentor dev teams to own security and develop a security mindset
Participate in the analysis of application architectures and security patterns in order to identify and remedy architectural security flaws both as part of EARC sessions and in consulting engagements with dev teams
Lead development of threat models and risk assessment in conjunction with architects and software engineering staff
Implement, operationalize and drive adoption of security tooling and support commonly integrated development environments
Identify, document and communicate application/system risks and vulnerabilities to technical stakeholders and Product Owners to drive remediation
Lead selection, development and delivery of innovative security training workshops and training opportunities to cultivate a culture of Product Security
Support Software Supply Chain security with an understanding of quality and security gates and enables integration of automated solutions to increase security
Work with broader ISO team on incident response and operational/strategic initiatives
Lead evaluation of and promotion of new and existing security standards, tools, and solutions with a focus on automation and securing build pipelines for a shift left approach

About You

You Have:

Bachelor's Degree in a related field plus additional related college courses or professional training.
7 plus years of progressively responsible, directly related, experience
Strong knowledge of secure development principles and best practices and of DevSecOps SDLC
Must have strong knowledge in product security and cloud application development and security best practices, including software supply chain and microservice architecture
Must have a thorough understanding of web protocols TCP/IP, UDP, HTTP, HTTPS, SSL, TLS, etc.
Experience with various programming languages (Java, node.js, Python, PHP, Javascript, etc.).
Hands-on experience detecting and validating common vulnerabilities such as cross-site scripting (XSS), session hijacking, SQL injection, CSRF (Cross-Site Request Forgery), OWASP Top 10, and other attack vectors

Differentiators

Experience with mobile application security
Hands on experience with the following source code repositories is a plus: GIT, BitBucket, Github
Hands on experience with Restful API's and AWS services
Docker hardening techniques
Traffic and log analysis from a security perspective
Windows and/or Linux hardening techniques
Familiarity with common frameworks, such as Angular and Node.js Protocol analysis and forensic analysis experience is a plus.
One or more security certifications or a CISSP certification would be ideal

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 58

Source - https://medtronic.referrals.selectminds.com/jobs/senior-product-security-engineer-146840

Job Description:
Must Have Skills and Experience: 
• Application software development experience
• Software test experience
• Strong expertise in scripting languages such as Python or Unix Shell, JSON
• Strong expertise in using Excel and generating reports.
Education Required:
• B.E./B. Tech in Computer Science or similar Engineering discipline.
 Years of Experience: 
• 8+ years of software development experience with B.E./B.Tech.
• 4+ years of software development experience with M.E./M.Tech.
 Preferred Skills and Qualifications:
• Knowledge of programming preferably in C++
• Experience with Product Security / information security
• Experience with Risk Management and Systems Engineering processes.
• Experience analyzing and documenting requirements
• Experience in developing threat model for products
• Strong understanding of product and system security aspects
• Hands on experience on pentest and using security assessment tools at code, system and network-level
• Knowledge on secure authentication, authentication and encryption mechanisms to implement in design and code
• Knowledge of assessment and vulnerability ranking tools such as NIST and CVSS Knowledge of cybersecurity and data privacy is preferred, but not mandatory
• Well-versed in at least one of the programming languages like Java, PHP, Python, Ruby, and Perl
• Possess knowledge of AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, and how to implement developer tools such as  GitHub and Dependency management
• Strong oral and written communication skills.
• Ability to work in a team environment.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 59

Source - https://joblink.maine.gov/jobs/1032159

Job Description:
Job Description
Senior Product Security Engineer - Data & Insights Tyler Technologies is seeking a passionate, talentedSenior Product Security Engineer to support our Data and Insights (D&I)solutions on the Security team. This position is an exciting opportunity to influence the security posture of our D&I portfolio, augment our development processes with security-centric activities, andmaintain our FedRAMP Moderate ATO. As a Senior Product Security Engineer, you will work in a fast-paced, results-driven environment with highly skilled and dedicated teams committed to transformational change. D&Isolutions encompassdata management and analytics Platform and Solutions App cloud-hosted offerings to augment products across all Tyler divisions. Tyler products empower local, state, and federal government employees worldwide to share data and insights that enable departments, non-profits, and the public to create smarter, safer, and stronger communities. Work with our transformative data solutions that help agencies address mission-critical outcomes. Our cloud-based data platform, open data solutions, and performance management solutions help agencies improve performance, transparency, and public engagement. Location Seattle, Washington | Remote Responsibilities Conduct bi-weekly DAST assessments against our production environments. Investigate and report results. Collaborate with engineering for awareness and remediation. Develop and execute a DAST improvement plan inclusive of tool migration and automation inclusion. Coordinate, reproduce, and validate reported security findings from clients, cross-team researchers, and third-party penetration testers. Monitor and investigate inbound application and infrastructure security alerts. Manage an active bug bounty program. Develop and execute an improvement plan that elevatesresearcher interaction and general program involvement. Assumeprimary responsibility for control families that contribute to our FedRAMP Moderate, SOC-2, GDPR, HIPAA, CJIS, and ECOS certifications. Responsibility includes continuous improvements and auditing, evidence collection and submission,interview participation, internal security reviews, and tabletop exercises. Participate in security strategy and planning, including team vision, roadmaps, and increment planning. Coach and collaborate with team members to normalize and measure, through a maturity model, security best practices. Participate in engineering team meetings that facilitate secure design through instrumenting threat modeling. Investigate, document, and resolve security incidents (IRP and ISCP) and provide analysis to senior leadership. Stay informed about emerging security trends and technologies. Create and deliver security training and awareness programs for developers, testers, and other stakeholders. Qualifications Soft Skills Strong organization and prioritization skills. A proven ability to react positively and decisively to change Superior verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to communicate complex technical solutions to non-technical audiences Deadline-driven, team-oriented, be a self-starter, have great people skills, a strong work ethic, and be enthusiastic and ambitious Flexible. Able to independently manage multiple efforts simultaneously while maintaining professionalism under pressure A passion for improving the client experience and a track record of successful interactions with internal/external clients Excellent troubleshooting skills A technical leader with the ability to inspire and support peers Tools and Technologies 3-5 years of security engineering experience Working experience in Agile Kanban development methodologies Expertise in collaboration and prioritization using Confluence, Jira, and Teams In-depth knowledge of common web application vulnerabilities, such as OWASP Top Ten (e.g., SQL injection, XSS, CSRF) Proficiency with a wide range of security testing tools, including but not limited to vulnerability scanners (e.g., Nessus, Qualys), web application scanners (e.g., Burp Suite Pro, Invicti, OWASP ZAP),and penetration testing frameworks (e.g., Metasploit) Strong Python scripting skills and GitHub Enterprise experience Experience with static application security testing (SAST),security information and event management (SIEM) systems, and intrusion detection/prevention systems (IDS/IPS) Understanding of network and information security best practices Experience with Linux, Ubuntu, AWS, Red Hat Familiarity in... For full info follow application link. Tyler Technologies is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, creed, gender/sex, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected under local, state or federal laws.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD- 60

Source - https://hex.tech/careers/product-security-engineer/

Job Description:
About you!
Must have's:

5+ years of product-security experience: 4 years in appsec, 1 in cloudsec
You write code and are fond of creating your own automation
Deep understanding of software-security principles and a good understanding of cloud-infrastructure security principles
Hands-on experience with many of the core infrastructure products that Hex is run on, including Kubernetes, AWS, and Terraform
You perform code reviews regularly
Proficient at threat modeling and keeping the models updated
Able to break down a landscape of scattered security problems, whether complex, simple and/or varies, and group them into logical, achievable components to get the most bang for the buck during quarterly and annual planning
Possess an instinct for strategic thinking and aligning with business and product goals, while keeping a healthy balance of velocity and security excellence.
Excel at working with several different engineering teams and codebases, and at communicating with engineers and non-technical partners across many different backgrounds, demonstrating curiosity about how their work contributes to Hex’s success.
Nice to have's:

Experience scaling and optimizing a bug-bounty program with a good signal:noise ratio
Involvement with your Security Community 
Interest in the data space, and a love of shipping great products and building tools that empower engineers and users to do more.
Curious and willing to dive into the bigger picture of building a company, including go-to-market, customer development, people, and marketing.
